[WIP] Add new debug mode for Go Tracer (#19293)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs.md

}
```

> **Abandoned Span Logs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Abandoned span logs
```

The Datadog Go Tracer also supports logging for potentially abandoned spans. To enable this debug mode in Go, set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_DEBUG_ABANDONED_SPANS=true`. To change the duration after which spans are considered abandoned (default=`10m`), set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_ABANDONED_SPAN_TIMEOUT` to the desired time duration. Abandoned span logs appear at the Warn level.

> Debugging abandoned spans can also be enabled during the `Start` config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable debugging abandoned spans during the `Start` config:
```
